docs: Update queue metrics on multi-main setup (#3434)
n8n-io/n8n-docs: docs/hosting/configuration/configuration-examples/prometheus.md

To enable queue metrics, set the `N8N_METRICS_INCLUDE_QUEUE_METRICS` env var to `true`. You can adjust the refresh rate with `N8N_METRICS_QUEUE_METRICS_INTERVAL`.

> These metrics are gathered from Bull and exposed by main instances. On a multi-main setup, when aggregating queries you can identify the leader using the gauge `instance_role_leader`, set to `1` for the leader main and `0` otherwise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
n8n gathers these metrics from Bull and exposes them on the main instances. On multi-main setups, when aggregating queries, you can identify the leader using the `instance_role_leader` gauge, set to `1` for the leader main and `0` otherwise.
```
